Simplify the "Package creation" intro (#1518)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/create-packages/Overview-and-Workflow.md

> [!Note]
> When you create a package for use by other developers, it's important to understand that they are taking a dependency on your work. As such, creating and publishing a package also implies a commitment to fixing bugs and making other updates, or at the very least making the package available as open source so others can help to maintain it.

> Whatever the case, creating a package begins with deciding what it should contain along with its identifier, version number, copyright information, etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whatever the case, creating a package begins with deciding what it should contain, such as dependent files and assemblies, along with its identifier, version number, copyright information, and other information.
```

Reviewer: Added a few suggestions; maybe you want to avoid saying anything about files and assemblies, since it might be specific to .nuspec? However, it would be nice to make "...what it should contain..." a bit less ambiguous, if possible. Also, generally we try to avoid "etc."

Author: Yes, I avoided assemblies as `dotnet pack` is project oriented (it works on a `.csproj` before the `.dll` has been created)

Reviewer: Better to avoid mentioning "dependent files", too?

Author: Okay, I've tweaked the content a little bit. Please let me know what you think @Mikejo5000

> When you've prepared all the necessary content, you can use the "pack" comamnd to put everything together into a `.nupkg` file. You're then ready to deploy the package to whatever host makes it available to other developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've prepared all the necessary content, you can use the "pack" command to put everything together into a `.nupkg` file. Then you're ready to deploy the package to whatever host makes it available to other developers.
```
